---
type: 'DailyNote'
title: March 8, 2025
date: '2025-03-08T00:00:00.000Z'
tags: []
---

# March 8, 2025

- #rant [SOON](../Zettels/SOON.md) Regional Outreach is today, yayyy… I don’t really want to be here, but here I am. It’s not that bad, I guess. I’m still frustrated that it’s so easy to go to these events because [Mom](../People/Mom.md) likes them, but my church events are an issue. Must I fight for everything?

- [SOON](../Zettels/SOON.md) **Regional Outreach - morning session** #biblestudy

    - Questions & concerns

        Adam gave up his reign of the world to Satan?

    - [Matthew](../Bs/Matthew.md) 9:35-38; 10:1-8; [Luke](../Bs/Luke.md) 9:1-6; [Romans](../Bs/Romans.md) 6:4

        **Power** is the ability to complete the given task. God has given us the power and authority to push back the darkness.

        **Authority** is…

        **Spiritual authority** is rooted in our identity and relationship with Christ.

        Jesus didn’t say “pray to me to move the mountain,” he said “*SPEAK* to the mountain and it will move.”

    - [Acts](../Bs/Acts.md) 1:1-8; 4:13, 31; [Joshua](../Bs/Joshua.md) 1:9; [Matthew](../Bs/Matthew.md) 28:18-20; [John](../Bs/John.md) 20:21-22

        The filling of the Holy Spirit is an ongoing process.

        **There are two elements to this emboldenment**, a God element and a human element.

        **The human element:** be courageous, even when you’re afraid. You have to be willing to leave your comfort zone. *Act in boldness.*

        **The God element:** Pentecost. Jesus has all the authority, *THEREFORE* what is holding you back? Jesus never doubted the authority that he had, he knew he had the power and authority to send us like God had sent him.

- It was actually fun, at least, the middle was. Before and after was alright.

- I need to get a huge jar for my terrarium. Not sure what plants I’ll put in it, but I’m definitely getting [millipedes](../Zettels/Millipedes.md).

