---
type: 'DailyNote'
title: April 1, 2025
date: '2025-04-01T00:00:00.000Z'
tags: []
---

# April 1, 2025


#rant

[Joshua](../People/Joshua%20Alejandro.md) and I talked a lot today, I miss him. Last night, I decided to text him while I was tired (and not overthinking lol) to admit that I missed him a lot and I still loved him. He was actually starting to doubt that, and was getting depressed thinking about me with another guy. He really thought I moved on. I must be a good actor, what a double-edged sword.

He keeps saying everything will work out, just have faith and a bit of hope. I really want to believe him, but it's tough, not much works out the way I want it to. However, I keep seeing things that hint at maybe it will work out. I don't know, maybe I'm just being hopeful, which is cool because I didn't think I could be. Am I scared to hope? Yes, very much so. But I really want us to work out. I love him a lot.

Not to mention, he wants the two of us to meet with [Pastor Lincoln](../People/Lincoln%20Fritz.md) sometime and get some guidance. It's not a bad idea, but ofc it makes me nervous. [Mom](../People/Mom.md) mentioned the other day that [Malkiya](../People/Malkiya.md) and I need to talk to Pst. Lincoln about what happened so we can get it all out. I think Malkiya and I should go first before I go with Joshua, just so Pst. Lincoln can get the whole context. This entire conflict stemmed from her feelings. Speaking of which, why does nobody care about my feelings???? Why is it always Malkiya? Am I not allowed to have emotions about this? That's rude and unfair, but whatever, who cares, right?

Anyway, a wonderful end to this drama would be [Mom](../People/Mom.md) and [Malkiya](../People/Malkiya.md) getting over their feelings and actually putting mine before theirs for a change. And [Joshua](../People/Joshua%20Alejandro.md) and I get to be together and finally explore our relationship without interference from my folks. Imagine that.

